README.MD, before:

# Basic Sales Tax App

To run the app, please run the following command:

```bash
$ ruby init.rb
```

Then, you can register the items, one per time, and then it will print the result once you decide not to add new products to your order. Only the items which use the the valid format will be registered.

**Valid format:** `[quantity of products] [imported] [product name] at [product price with 2 decimal cases]`

#### Examples:

`1 bottle of water at 0.50`

`1 imported bottle of wind at 10.99`

The word imported right before the product name is not required.

The product price field must have 2 decimal cases, you can use dot (1.00) or comma (1,00).

# Challenge Information

## General Requirements

- Use either Ruby or Javascript. If you feel more comfortable with another language, please let us know and we can discuss.
- Do not use any external libraries or frameworks, such as Rails, to solve this problem. You may only use external libraries or tools for building or testing purposes (e.g., Rspec, Jest, Mocha, etc.).
- Include detailed instructions on how to run the application and an explanation of assumptions you make (if any)

**IMPORTANT:**

Please limit the amount of time you spend on the problem to **4 hours**. If you haven't completed the challenge within the allotted time, please submit the work you have completed. Focus on implementing the requirements with the best code you can produce within the given timeframe.

Submit your solution either as a zip file via email or upload to a public repository (GitHub, Bitbucket, etc.) and share the url with us.

## Problem Statement

This problem requires some kind of input. You are free to implement any mechanism for feeding the input into your solution. You should provide sufficient evidence that your solution is complete by, as a minimum, indicating that it works correctly against the supplied test data.

**Basic sales tax** is applicable at a rate of **10%** on all goods, **except** books, food, and medical products that are exempt. **Import duty** is an additional sales tax applicable on all imported goods at a rate of 5%, with no exemptions.

When I purchase items I receive a receipt which lists the name of all the items and their price (including tax), finishing with the total cost of the items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid. The rounding rules for sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains (np/100 rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.

Write an application that prints out the receipt details for these shopping baskets:

### Input

#### Input 1:

```
2 book at 12.49
1 music CD at 14.99
1 chocolate bar at 0.85
```

#### Input 2:

```
1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00
1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50
```

#### Input 3:

```
1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99
1 bottle of perfume at 18.99
1 packet of headache pills at 9.75
3 imported boxes of chocolates at 11.25
```

### Output

#### Output 1:

```
2 book: 24.98
1 music CD: 16.49
1 chocolate bar: 0.85
Sales Taxes: 1.50
Total: 42.32
```

#### Output 2:

```
1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50
1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65
Sales Taxes: 7.65
Total: 65.15
```

#### Output 3:

```
1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19
1 bottle of perfume: 20.89
1 packet of headache pills: 9.75
3 imported boxes of chocolates: 35.55
Sales Taxes: 7.90
Total: 98.38
```

Commit message:

feat: Updates in services and tests
- TaxProcessor::Product is not applying the correct logic np/100 and the nearest 0.05
- TaxProcessor::ReceiptView is now returning the data instead of printing it so it can be used into several places
- Added a spec for all the inputs and expected outputs. As asked in the challenge description
- Input::Validate spec
- Using the TaxProcessor::ReceiptView in tests and Bash app

README.MD, after:

# Basic Sales Tax App

To run the bash app, please run the following command:

```bash
$ ruby init.rb
```

Then, you can register the items, one per time, and then it will print the result once you decide not to add new products to your order. Only the items which use the the valid format will be registered.

**Valid format:** `[quantity of products] [imported] [product name] at [product price with 2 decimal cases]`

#### Examples:

`1 bottle of water at 0.50`

`1 imported bottle of wind at 10.99`

The word imported right before the product name is not required.

The product price field must have 2 decimal cases, you can use dot (1.00) or comma (1,00).

In addition, you can run the specs which is also testing the challenge's inputs, just running the following cmd:

```bash
$ rspec
```

# Challenge Information

## General Requirements

- Use either Ruby or Javascript. If you feel more comfortable with another language, please let us know and we can discuss.
- Do not use any external libraries or frameworks, such as Rails, to solve this problem. You may only use external libraries or tools for building or testing purposes (e.g., Rspec, Jest, Mocha, etc.).
- Include detailed instructions on how to run the application and an explanation of assumptions you make (if any)

**IMPORTANT:**

Please limit the amount of time you spend on the problem to **4 hours**. If you haven't completed the challenge within the allotted time, please submit the work you have completed. Focus on implementing the requirements with the best code you can produce within the given timeframe.

Submit your solution either as a zip file via email or upload to a public repository (GitHub, Bitbucket, etc.) and share the url with us.

## Problem Statement

This problem requires some kind of input. You are free to implement any mechanism for feeding the input into your solution. You should provide sufficient evidence that your solution is complete by, as a minimum, indicating that it works correctly against the supplied test data.

**Basic sales tax** is applicable at a rate of **10%** on all goods, **except** books, food, and medical products that are exempt. **Import duty** is an additional sales tax applicable on all imported goods at a rate of 5%, with no exemptions.

When I purchase items I receive a receipt which lists the name of all the items and their price (including tax), finishing with the total cost of the items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid. The rounding rules for sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains (np/100 rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.

Write an application that prints out the receipt details for these shopping baskets:

### Input

#### Input 1:

```
2 book at 12.49
1 music CD at 14.99
1 chocolate bar at 0.85
```

#### Input 2:

```
1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00
1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50
```

#### Input 3:

```
1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99
1 bottle of perfume at 18.99
1 packet of headache pills at 9.75
3 imported boxes of chocolates at 11.25
```

### Output

#### Output 1:

```
2 book: 24.98
1 music CD: 16.49
1 chocolate bar: 0.85
Sales Taxes: 1.50
Total: 42.32
```

#### Output 2:

```
1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50
1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65
Sales Taxes: 7.65
Total: 65.15
```

#### Output 3:

```
1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19
1 bottle of perfume: 20.89
1 packet of headache pills: 9.75
3 imported boxes of chocolates: 35.55
Sales Taxes: 7.90
Total: 98.38
```
